{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AtlasGrotesk-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green30\blue31;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10540\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 \'93What is an authentic national culture when some alien cultural practices are so quickly assimilated that after a short while they are no longer remembered as alien\'94\
- John Tomlinson\

\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241

\fs23 \cf2 South-Korea was once one of the poorest and least fashionable countries in the world. But over the last couple of decades it changed itself into a High-tech nation and cultural superpower.  Popular Korean youth culture is mentioned as one of the quickest flourishing youth cultures in the world. This all started when Hallyu also called the Korean Wave was born and was first mentioned by media in 2001. \

\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs23 \cf2 The first notions of a youth culture came when western pop culture was introduced in South-Korea by U.S. Armed Forces, a powerful symbol of postwar American hegemony. Here was the start of \'93Rok\'94 the Korean appropriation of Rock music. But was later banned by the militaristic regime of Park Chung Hee. \
\
In my thesis I will answer my question \'93
\b \cf2 What effected popular youth culture in South-Korea from the 60\'92s onward?\'94
\b0 \cf2  I will look into the history of South-Korea and how it became this high-tech nation and cultural superpower. I will look into the first attempts of creating a youth culture and later draw in examples about cultural imperialism and confucianism. Also I will interview Koreans who have been part of this change and interview Koreans who moved abroad and came back to a country which evolved into an alienated country to them and write about the Hallyu that has become the \'91Korean Dream\'92.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs24 \cf0 \
}